# Mindmap bot

The Mindmap bot is an organizational tool meticulously crafted to transform your ideas into beautifully structured mind maps.

**Features:**

- **User-Friendly Commands:** Our bot offers a straightforward and intuitive set of commands, making it easy for you to create and manage mind maps effortlessly.
- **Node-Canvas-Powered Mindmaps:** Mindmaps generated by our bot are visually appealing and dynamically created using canvas, ensuring a professional and aesthetic output.
- **Built with TypeScript and Discord.js:** We've implemented our bot using TypeScript and Discord.js, providing a robust and efficient foundation for reliable performance.
- **Open Source and Transparent:** Our project is open source, allowing you to explore and understand the code easily. Contribute, customize, or simply learn from it to suit your needs.

## Quick Start:

Get started with these essential commands:

- `/mindmap create-map <name>`: Create a Mindmap with a custom name.
- `/mindmap add-node <mindMap-id> <node-name> <node-color>`: Add a node to your Mindmap.
- `/mindmap remove-node <mindMap-id> <node-id>`: Delete a node from your Mindmap.
- `/mindmap generate-image <mindmap-id>`: Generate an image of your Mindmap.
- `/mindmap mindmap-list`: List all your Mindmaps.
- `/mindmap edit-node <mindMap-id> <node-id> [node-text] [node-color]`: Edit a node in your Mindmap.
- `/mindmap edit-mindmap-name <new-name>`: Rename your Mindmap.

For more detailed information on any command, use `/help` or `/help [command-name]`. Start exploring and organizing your ideas with ease!

## Note

This repository will continue to receive updates and improvements even after the event or initial release. We're committed to enhancing and maintaining the bot to ensure its functionality and performance remain top-notch. Your feedback and contributions are always welcome, so please feel free to get involved and help us make this bot even better!

## Building and Contributing

### Prerequisites

Before you can build or contribute to the bot, you'll need the following:

- Node.js: Ensure you have Node.js installed on your system. You can download it from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/).
- TypeScript: You can install TypeScript globally using `npm install -g typescript`.
- [ts-node](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-node): Make sure you have ts-node installed globally or locally as a development dependency.

### Configuration

1. Duplicate the `.env.example` file in the root directory of your project and rename the duplicate to `.env`.

2. Configure your bot token and other settings in the `.env` file. Example:

   ```env
   TOKEN=your_bot_token
   ```

By following these steps, you'll have your project set up and ready to configure your Discord bot.

### Running Tests

To run tests for the bot without compiling, you can use the following command:

```bash
npm run test
```

This command assumes you have ts-node installed.

### Building the Bot

If you want to compile the project, use the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

This command compiles the TypeScript code into JavaScript.

### Starting the Bot

To start the bot with the compiled code, use:

```bash
npm run start
```

This will launch the bot using the compiled JavaScript code.

### Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! If you'd like to contribute to the development of this bot, please follow these guidelines:

1. Fork the repository on GitHub.

2. Clone your forked repository to your local machine.

3. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:

   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```

4. Make your changes and commit them with clear and concise commit messages.

5. Push your changes to your forked repository.

6. Create a pull request (PR) from your branch to the main repository's `main` branch.

7. Our team will review your PR, provide feedback, and merge it when it's ready.

### Developers

- [MegalithOfficial](https://github.com/MegalithOfficial): Head developer.
- [thebluedevelopper](https://github.com/thebluedevelopper): Second developer.

### License

This project is licensed under the [Apache 2.0](LICENSE). For details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.